# sktime CC meeting agenda

**Date:** 
09/08/2021, 5:30pm UK time

**Attendees:** 
@mloning, @fkiraly, @TonyBagnall

**Location:** 
[Meeting link]

## Agenda
1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-council/tree/master/previous_meetings)
2. Review of actions
    1. FK: update governance proposal; all, look at updated governance proposal
       agreed: change lazy lazy approval to move on top of CC agenda after 10 working days, otherwise fine
    2. FK: contact mentoring applicants
3. update from community team
4. ML: Daimler sponsorship
5. FK: open collective: need to set goals, need to onboard core devs. see [issue for proposed goals](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/issues/1185)
6. FK: need "roles" document, who has which roles, on sktime repo
7. FK/TB: strategy meeting or strategy workshop?
8. proposal by FK first reading: CC groups for balancing junior/senior career, academica/industry 
9. FK: pydata global presentation
10. ML: proposal: new community repo

## Notes

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-council/tree/master/previous_meetings)
    * agreed
3. Review of actions
    1. FK: update governance proposal; all, look at updated governance proposal
       agreed: change lazy lazy approval to move on top of CC agenda after 10 working days, otherwise fine
        * mistake how action was recorded, should be "tech meeting agenda" not "CC agenda"
        * was updated by FK accordingly
        * ML gave some feedback on PR while ago
        * https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/pull/1110
        * agreed: too many sub-cases, core dev meeting agenda point is not for direct approval, but for discussion and assigning reviewer, than it's back to the main approval mechanism (PR review), action on FK to update this
    2. FK: contact mentoring applicants
        * not done, will do this week (before docsprint)
3. update from community team
    * calendar integration
    * doc sprint https://github.com/RNKuhns/community-council/blob/main/events/doc-sprint.md
    * pydata global application
        * FK: maybe frame it as new stable interface etc 
        * CH: interesting dataset? multivariate, exogeneous, etc
        * should focus on forecasting but also on TSC, and mention the various tasks at the end
        * action: review PR and give feedback
    * roles/org document
        * action: all read and give feedback
        * could go in governance document or contributors page
5. ML: Daimler sponsorship
    * action ML: reply positively
7. FK: open collective: need to set goals, need to onboard core devs. see [issue for proposed goals](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/issues/1185)
    * ML working on GitHub sponsors with GitHub contact
    * action FK: funding goals on open collective
10. FK/TB: strategy meeting or strategy workshop?
    * tentatively: first week of Sep, w/c 6th, 1/2 day, tbc
    * action TB: doodle poll
12. proposal by FK first reading: CC groups for balancing junior/senior career, academica/industry 
    * TB: basically agrees
    * ML: overengineered?
    * FK action: simplify greatly
14. FK: pydata global presentation
    * already discussed
16. ML: proposal: new community repo
    * explanation: all org related material goes in there
    * action ML move files from community-council to community repo
    * FK: great idea, but maybe call the repo community-org

11. AOB:
    * TB: grant proposal
        * Turing on grant proposal: Kirstie, Malvika, Evelina 
        * action FK: contribute paragraphs to proposal (by Sep)
