# sktime CC meeting agenda

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
26/07/2021, 5:30pm UK time

**Attendees:** 
@mloning, @fkiraly, @TonyBagnall

**Location:** 
[Meeting link](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_NWUyYTBhYWItMjM1Ny00YWQ2LWE2MzEtMDMyM2I0Yjk5Njhi%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%221faf88fe-a998-4c5b-93c9-210a11d9a5c2%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%2223ec7df5-055e-4817-9351-b0eed7f4ba5c%22%7d)


## Agenda
1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-council/tree/master/previous_meetings) and review of actions
    1. FK: update governance updates
    2. TB: Romain re tslearn
    3. all to read governance proposal and review by next week
    4. TB: look at JMLR papers regarding authorship & general recommendations
    5. FK to review draft release and propose/make - in progress together with ML
    6. action FK: talk to Ryan, Guzal about docsprint
2. update from community team
3. resolution of PR issue 980
4. UCL/ARC discussions
5. AOB
    * FK: mentorship applicants?
    * TB: grant proposals update


## Notes
1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-council/tree/master/previous_meetings) and review of actions
    1. FK: update governance updates
        * clarified that PR approval is also a vote +1
    3. TB: Romain re tslearn
        * meeting set up early Sep
    5. all to read governance proposal and review by next week
        * agreed: change lazy lazy approval to move on top of Cc agenda after 10 working days, otherwise fine
        * action: look at it again next cc meeting
    6. TB: look at JMLR papers regarding authorship & general recommendations
        * reviewed, reported
    8. FK to review draft release and propose/make - in progress together with ML
        *    done, with lots of help from ML and lots of unfortunate interaction with Microsoft Windows
    9. action FK: talk to Ryan, Guzal about docsprint
        * covered in today's community team meeting, actions covered
2. update from community team
    * doc sprint prep
    * blog posts - Ryan leading on this
    * tech meeting on Fri 30 July
        - (10 mins, project board managers) quick report-out
        - (10 mins, module owners) roadmap updates
            - advertise the doc sprint
        - (40 mins, issue/PR creator, everyone) focusing on one issue
4. resolution of PR issue 980
    * resolution reached, merged
    * still some bugs around testing of second tier interface points, see https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/issues/1192
    * FK working with Taiwo/Guzal to fix remaining issues (tests etc)
6. UCL/ARC discussions
    * ongoing, perhaps need to send reminder one week
7. grant proposal
    * need to prepare work package suggestions
    * should reach out for letters of support
8. AOB
    * FK: mentorship applicants?
        * action: review June applicants
        * action: put regular reminder
