# sktime CC meeting agenda

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
05/07/2021, 5pm UK time

**Attendees:** 
* @TonyBagnall
* @mloning 
* @fkiraly
* @GuzalBulatova
* @SveaMeyer13

**Location:** 
[Meeting link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2F_%23%2Fl%2Fmeetup-join%2F19%3Ameeting_NmEyMTM3ZDUtNjJjNi00MzBhLWFhOTgtYWQzYjVjMDg0MzMw%40thread.v2%2F0%3Fcontext%3D%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25221faf88fe-a998-4c5b-93c9-210a11d9a5c2%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%252223d931bf-479e-4e7b-a270-88a94a293f44%2522%257d%26anon%3Dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=ad0714a4-04b3-445d-b723-c9eccd532b9d&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

## Agenda
1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-council/tree/master/previous_meetings) and review of actions
2. update from community team
3. dev days future dates 
4. FK: proposed [changes for governance, decision making](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/pull/1110)
5. TB: Funding model update from UEA
6. TB: JMLR software paper
7. TB: Date for next release
8. tslearn and pycaret collaboration

## Notes
1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-council/tree/master/previous_meetings) and review of actions
    * last "real" meeting is sktime dev sprint community meeting
    * action to create community-team, has happened (see point 2)
    * minutes agreed
2. update from community team
    * see [hackmd](https://hackmd.io/htZfBhHUTr68D_HCDQopLg?view)
    * action arising ML: create channel random, social
3. dev days future dates
    * look up term dates for 2022 for "best week"
    * doc sprint in w/c Aug 16, presentations on Aug 20
    * action ML: update github pages
4. FK: proposed [changes for governance, decision making](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/pull/1110)
    * TB: there should be PR approval, but voting should be different
    * FK to re-write this
    * agreement: right for review
    * all to read proposal and review by next week
5. TB: Funding model update from UEA
    * unclear when UEA discretionary available as fiscal host
    * ML in discussion with open collective, moving to EU OC
    * Turing org cannot be OC org, since not official Turing org
    * should apply for UKRI grant; approaching Turing 
6. TB: JMLR software paper
    * tentatively w/c Aug 30 to get the paper done
    * ask in core dev channel for contributions
    * Action TB: look at JMLR papers regarding authorship & general recommendations
7. TB: Date for next release
    * FK to review draft release and propose/make
    * leave #980 and related controversies out of 0.6.3, should go in 0.7 
9. tslearn and pycaret collaboration
    * tslearn meeting with TB later this week
    * pycaret meeting around Sep

