# sktime CC meeting agenda

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
29/11/2021, 4:30pm UTC

**Attendees:** Franz, Martin, Tony, Markus

**Location:** 
[Meeting link]

## Agenda
1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/blob/main/community_council/previous_meetings/20211018-meeting.md)
2. Review of actions from Oct 18
    * action FK: simplify roles governance document greatly
    * action FK: post windows CI-CD as top priority in core dev channel
    * action FK: open issue on failing appveyor
    * action ML: reminder of release schedules, regular, in google calendar, 5 working days excluding weekends reminder no PR merges
    * action FK: clarify mentoring timelines, process 

4. appveyor issue
5. next release, bugfixes, work items
6. FK: project management update
7. FK; ML input/output discussion - next steps, resolution

## Notes

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/blob/main/community_council/previous_meetings/20211018-meeting.md)
    * agreed by FK, TB; MW has a bad connection (can't hear)

2. Review of actions from Oct 18
    * action FK: simplify roles governance document greatly

        1st document has all suggested changes, merged
            https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/pull/1110
            * merged and approved
        2nd document in progress
            https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/pull/1237
        action @mloning, @aiwalter to look at the above
            * @aiwalter said he abstains (since introduce before he joined)
            * @mloning is against
            * action @tonybagnall: resolution mechanism
    * action FK: post windows CI-CD as top priority in core dev channel
        * done, no one was interested
        * Markus gave a presentation on Fr
        * now Lukasz is working on this!
    * action FK: open issue on failing appveyor
        * done here https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/issues/1539
        * but it's failing again! Different problem?
        * open it again, new issue? action FK
    * action ML: reminder of release schedules, regular, in google calendar, 5 working days excluding weekends reminder no PR merges
        * done
    * action FK: clarify mentoring timelines, process 
        * what, in fact, are our mentoring timelines? When is the next intern batch appearing? Thought there would be winter cohort? Need input/clarification.
            * Markus was doing this, need him in the meeting
            * action to discuss next time he is here
            * someone else needs to be driving the interns programme from now, ML has less time
            * follow-on action ML: post in core dev that we need someone to take this up (driving); FK and ML are happy to help/contribute to this

4. appveyor issue
    * what's the long-term solution?
    * could be: removing appveyor
    * or, just installing, no unit tests
    * FK: pose question on future here in the issue (see above)
    * ML: no idea what's going on, better replace it
    * TB: turn it off then?
    * ML: needed to work for release
6. next release, bugfixes, work items
    * scheduled, for Dec 1
    * need to freeze contribs early tomorrow
        * bugfixes should go in - @aiwalter to review @fkiraly and vice versa (forecasting)
        * `FeatureUnion` bug? https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/issues/1662
    * project board: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/milestone/9
        * only draft PRs in there, won't go in?
    * appveyor is required before release for Windows wheels...
    * action ML to see whether can fix appveyor, also ping freddy who fixed it last time
    * postpone until appveyor is fixed or alternavie (e.g., GH actions) is available for windows
    * action FK: write about appveyor priority, feature freeze
    * action ML: set up "mob programming" doing a release with core devs and interested contributors, also record it for posterity -> aim is hand-over or distribution of release responsibilities
8. FK: project management update
    * suggested: Friday stand-up schedule, "straighten" things
    * boards for individual working groups
    * let's try for a start
    * action/agenda: review in 3 months how it works? Feb
10. FK; ML input/output discussion - next steps, resolution
    * TB and MW to prepare docs/vote in CC channel, when approved then in core dev channel

AOB
* none
