# sktime CC meeting minutes

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
13/12/2021, 4:30pm UTC

**Attendees:** 
FK, TB, ML

Minuting: FK

**Location:** `sktime` discord
[Meeting link]

## Agenda
1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)
2. Review of actions from Nov 29
    * action TB: resolution mechanism for governance proposal on equal vote weighting by affiliation (industry, academia, early career)
    * action FK: open issue on failing appveyor
    * action ML: reminder of release schedules, regular, in google calendar, 5 working days excluding weekends reminder no PR merges. Claimed done in Nov 29 minutes by ML. FK: is this really done? For 0.9.0, the time ahead given was half a working day, something must have gone wrong.
    * action FK, ML: looking for individual taking on org leadership of mentoring programme
    * action ML to see whether can fix appveyor, also ping freddy who fixed it last time
    * action FK: write about appveyor priority, feature freeze
    * action ML: set up "mob programming" doing a release with core devs and interested contributors, also record it for posterity -> aim is hand-over or distribution of release responsibilities
    * action/agenda for February (keep until then): review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked
3. FK, TB: clarify process on confirming disengagement of core developers and rendering inactive
4. FK, ML: full transparency of primary affiliations of core devs and CC members (FK: should be mandatory; ML: should not be done). How to get to resolution. Potential actions needed in follow-up of PR 1744.
5. input/output discussion - next steps, resolution (TB leading process)
6. AOB


## Notes
1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)
    * agreed: TB, FK
    * ML: still needs to look, defer confirmation
3. Review of actions from Nov 29
    * action TB: resolution mechanism for governance proposal on equal vote weighting by affiliation (industry, academia, early career)
        * defer until next year, will probably set up a CC vote and time for the vote
    * action FK: open issue on failing appveyor
        * done, fixed by ML
    * action ML: reminder of release schedules, regular, in google calendar, 5 working days excluding weekends reminder no PR merges. Claimed done in Nov 29 minutes by ML. FK: is this really done? For 0.9.0, the time ahead given was half a working day, something must have gone wrong.
        * ML to investigate notification ahead
        * ML: seems actually there since it's notification
        * ML: need subscription to calendar to get the notification
        * so formally it's done (but people won't see it directly on slack)
        * FK action: can add reminder to calendar
    * action FK, ML: looking for individual taking on org leadership of mentoring programme
        * no one has raised their hand so far, fallback might be FK. Or MW (not here today)?
        * TB: need strategy/planning meeting on this topic in Jan, which internships, mentorship schemes etc to apply for when.
        * action TB: set up this meeting with CC and interested core devs
    * action ML to see whether can fix appveyor, also ping freddy who fixed it last time
        * done, appveyor fixed
    * action FK: write about appveyor priority, feature freeze
        * done, appveyor fixed
    * action ML: set up "mob programming" doing a release with core devs and interested contributors, also record it for posterity -> aim is hand-over or distribution of release responsibilities
        * done, recording is on youtube (unlisted)
        * need sktime account to see it
        * action ML: to give access to sktime youtube acct to interested core devs
    * action/agenda for February (keep until then): review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked

3. FK, TB: clarify process on confirming disengagement of core developers and rendering inactive
    * agreed that guidelines determine disengagement definition
    * didn't agree whether contacting the person is required
5. FK, ML: full transparency of primary affiliations of core devs and CC members (FK: should be mandatory; ML: should not be done). How to get to resolution. Potential actions needed in follow-up of PR 1744.
    * ML, TB confirm that they do *not* want to require full disclosure of core devs, they prefer opt-in, and not disclosing who has opted in
    * FK would like to require all affiliations of CC and core devs to be disclosed, explicitly, on the sktime team webpage
    * FK happy to join the consensus of core developer majority, since it's clear how the vote would end - as long as positions are clearly minuted (see above)
    * action FK: PR removal
7. input/output discussion - next steps, resolution (TB leading process)
    * per consensus, constant output is adopted (majority opinion) - individual modules should adopt this on their own time
    * regarding back/forth conversion problem: no agreement on how to tackle the problem. ML: may have to identify first how severe the problem really is.
9. AOB
    * reserved business
