# sktime CC meeting agenda

**Date:** 
11/01/2021, 5pm UK time

**Attendees:** 
@mloning, @fkiraly, @TonyBagnall, @martinagvilas

**Location:** 
Community-council voice channel on sktimeâ€™s [discord](https://discord.gg/gqSab2K) server

## Agenda
1. Review of [minutes of previous meeting](https://github.com/sktime/community-council/tree/master/previous_meetings)
2. Welcome Martina as new CoC committee member


## Notes
Link to CoC: https://www.sktime.org/en/latest/code_of_conduct.html

### Review and update CoC and CoC committee
* add Martina to the committee
* highlight explicitly that Martina is not part of the core dev team in case someone wants to contact someone outside of the core team
* adjust section 4.5 to handle conflicts of interests
* AP @mloning: create PR to implement changes
* find out how to best keep records of CoC incidents



