# sktime CC meeting notes

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
22/02/2022, 5:00pm UTC

**Attendees:**: 

**Location:** `sktime` discord

[governance / community council channel](https://discord.com/channels/723500657255907408/875425974345416734)

## Agenda

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)

2. Review of actions from Feb 08 and other outstanding or ongoing actions
    * action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
        * discuss with Lukasz general schedule once 0.10.0 is out of way
    * action FK, GB: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme with GB & potential other core devs; 
    * action MW: post link to private videos, check how this can be shared with core devs
    * action FK: check with Tony, has access to readthedocs acct
    * action FK: ask core devs for assuming treasurer role
    * action/agenda for February (keep until then): review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked
    * agenda item in Mar: consider hard-deprecation in Mar (first CC meeting in Mar)

3. pydata Berlin

4. FK - proposed change to review process: for core dev authored PR, if passes tests, 2 weeks without review or activity, and listed at least once in a dev meeting as "needs review", can be merged. Reason: trust core devs what they are doing; unblock crucial maintenance/framework changes that are not very exciting and hence tend to get less reviews; enable initial work on innovative "single person expertise" topics before it grows.

5. review how project management has worked

6. AOB

## Notes
1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)
 - agreed

2. Review of actions from Feb 08 and other outstanding or ongoing actions
    * action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
        * discuss with Lukasz general schedule once 0.10.0 is out of way
        - not done, met with Lukasz, postponed till the next meeting
    * action FK, GB: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme with GB & potential other core devs;
        - 1st meeting held, do again with all (co-)mentors
    * action FK: check with Tony, has access to readthedocs acct
        - Tony doesn't have access to readthedocs
    * action FK: ask core devs for assuming treasurer role
        - didn't get any response, noone wants to do this
        - Tony volunteers
        - FK, GB and MW agreed unanimously 
    * action/agenda for February (keep until then): review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked
     - will discuss today
    * agenda item in Mar: consider hard-deprecation in Mar (first CC meeting in Mar)
3. pydata Berlin
- admin issues:
    - there's a free ticket for the speakers, decide who
        - FK: find person who wants the ticket (FK has one probably already)
    - who are the presenters: 
        - Currently FK and Dan Bartling, 
        - MW can't come, Patrick - possible option
    - organise a sprint while pyData happens (?)
        - GB is ready to be online during the sprint, not prepare it though
        - would be unofficial, no dedicated time for it
        - discuss on Friday
    - content is still under development
        - probabilistic functionality is stable in base classes, estimators
        - compositors, reduction, likely in 0.11
        - proba distribution predictions in 0.11 release (FK is 90% certain), so it's ready to be presented
        - Dan and Leonidas are working on hierarchical forecasting, 60-70% ready, in case it's not in main by pyData then will show experimental functionality
        - if hierarchical isn't done, then will focus on probabilistic functionality

4. FK - proposed change to review process: for core dev authored PR, if passes tests, 2 weeks without review or activity, no accept or reject, and listed at least once in a dev meeting as "needs review", can be merged. Reason: trust core devs what they are doing; unblock crucial maintenance/framework changes that are not very exciting and hence tend to get less reviews; enable initial work on innovative "single person expertise" topics before it grows.
    - MW: agree
    - FK: agree
    - TB: abstain, rather a 'no'
    - GB: tends towards "no", suggested dedicated 15min on Fri sessions to go through PR

- go through the whole testing as a community for a couple of hours?

consensus: adopt this, but only until pydata (mid Apr). Then automatically reverts to current policy, can discuss again.
(also, "unmerge" policy is still in effect)

5. review how project management has worked
- discuss next time
6. AOB


### list of actions arising

- [ ] action MW: ask Markus about readthedocs account
- [ ] action all: review probabilistic functionality 
- [ ] action FK: write tutorial, presentation
- [ ] action GB: look for a ticket on proba/hierarchical modules, review PRs
- [ ] action GB: discuss sprint organisation on Friday
