# sktime CC meeting notes

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
31/05/2022, 4:00pm UTC

**Attendees:**: 

**Location:** `sktime` discord

[governance / community council channel](https://discord.com/channels/723500657255907408/875425974345416734)

## Agenda

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)


2. Review of actions from May 17 and other outstanding or ongoing actionsw
    1. action TB: sktime domain emails - track
    2. action TB to change URL for readthedocs - track
    3. action FK: write email with list to Arliss. action FK chase, write again.
    4. action FK: scheduling - track
        * bring Thu-Fri and general scheduling up in core devs, formulate vote
        * propose updated schedule when interns have joined (dependent on topics, projects, etc) - post in core 
    5. action TB on budget
        * action TB: prepare monthly spreadsheet, share with CC
    6. action FK related to pydata
        * explore whether sprint possible at pydata
        * explore whether core devs can meet in London around pydata

3. summer programme org updates
    * dev sprint and doc sprint, funding bottleneck
    * UKRI grant, funding model
    * pydata London updates
    * [minutes of org meeting May 30](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/blob/main/community_team/previous_meetings/20220530-meeting.md)

4. UEA grant update
    * discussion not completed on May 17 - no involvement of sktime CC in hiring process?
    * Tony said he cannot attend today (May 31)

5. budget update ???
    * Tony not here
    * committed to sharing spreadsheet, but not done
    * actions?

6. roll-over items, from ages ago:
    * FK: special roles for contributors
    * Patrick - KNIME

7. AOB

## Notes


1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)


2. Review of actions from May 17 and other outstanding or ongoing actionsw
    1. action TB: sktime domain emails - track
        * tony not here
        * tony has not yet added Martin to info@sktin.org recipients? need to change this urgently
    3. action TB to change URL for readthedocs - track
        * action MW: we can still see ads, need to contact them to take them down. Are we paying?
    4. action FK: write email with list to Arliss. action FK chase, write again.
        * chaser has been sent, Cc info@sktime.org. action: track
        * topic on fiscal host is included
    6. action FK: scheduling - track
        * bring Thu-Fri and general scheduling up in core devs, formulate vote
        * propose updated schedule when interns have joined (dependent on topics, projects, etc) - post in core 
        * update: onboarding has now happened. Have all the information to complete scheduling. Action is on FK to pull schedule together
    7. action TB on budget
        * action TB: prepare monthly spreadsheet, share with CC
        * TB not here
    8. action FK related to pydata
        * explore whether sprint possible at pydata
            * emails have been sent (by Leonidas) - they need to come back to us
        * explore whether core devs can meet in London around pydata
            * unrealistic because of travel funding/reimbursement issues which we will discuss below. No access to UKRI funds currently.


3. summer programme org updates
    * dev sprint and doc sprint, funding bottleneck
        * tentative dates for dev sprint: July 11-15
        * no clear pathway to access UKRI funding (via Tony), Guzal has sent message
        * other bottlenecks: venue, org (people presenting and organizing) - are solvable with funding
    * UKRI grant, funding model
    * pydata London updates
        * FK meeting with Leonidas, content planned
        * Leonidas and FK will attend, present. Material should be available 2nd week of June.
        * planning 0.12.1 with good distance to event
        * email on core devs being present online, sprint, still under consideration (Leonidas driving)
    * [minutes of org meeting May 30](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/blob/main/community_team/previous_meetings/20220530-meeting.md)
    * GB: dev sprint and other events: other core devs should also get involved in org, how do we get there? Currently only small number of core devs are active.
        * FK: could pay people?
        * according to Tony, Turing committed 20% of a research engagement manager
        * MW: underline that people don't have to be there for the whole event


4. UEA grant update
    * discussion not completed on May 17 - no involvement of sktime CC in hiring process?
    * Tony said he cannot attend today (May 31)
    * FK proposed decision for CC:
        * position should be advertised widely, hiring process must be open and fair
        * it is not acceptable for sktime community to be excluded from hiring process
        * it is not acceptable to have a "pre-appointed candidate" (Tony mentioned a specific person who was going to be appointed)
        * it is not acceptable that only Tony and direct network are involved in decision making on how the position is filled and defined
        * sktime community representatives need to be involved in hiring panels
        * sktime community representatives need to be involved in defining interview criteria, job specification
        * decision making should be as close as possible to sktime current CC decision making mechanisms (e.g., CC vote), subject to UEA regulations. E.g., decision making with weight fractional.
        * CC should have a veto on appointment for final hiring decision.
        * sktime name should not be officially used for UEA or UEA affiliated activities unless with approval of CC
        * if not satisfactory to CC, this will result in a formal complaint to UKRI.
    * decided & accepted by MW. GB agrees.

5. budget update ???
    * Tony not here
    * committed to sharing spreadsheet, but not done
    * actions?
        * deferred, no time.

6. roll-over items, from ages ago:
    * FK: special roles for contributors
    * Patrick - KNIME
        * deferred, no time.

7. AOB



## Appendix A - special roles for contributors proposal (from Franz)

by FK for discussion, possibly decision

I have seen situations where it would be useful to give non-core-devs elevated access rights to the repo, or a right to review.
I would propose to discuss these and introduce additional roles.

Situation 1: owner of a contributed algorithm or interface

In this case, our rules say the person should be notified if PR is made to their algorithm, and they should be able to review and possibly approve changes to their algorithm (in compliance with sktime rules and interface specifications). Currently, we maintain a CODEOWNERS file for this.
However, the PR notifications and review permissions only work if the user has write access.
Examples: statsforecast, multirocket, augmenters, hcrystalball

Situation 2: "allied" library core devs

Direct dependencies or reverse dependencies may be very active in reporting and reviewing contributions around the relevant dependency interface points. They tend to make PR or review PR with a quick turnaround, especially around the times where we or they move to a new version. Such contributors do not have the capacity to take on full responsibilities of an sktime core dev (because they are already core dev of an allied package), but they - and sktime - may benefit from them acting as core devs around the direct interface points, e.g., having the power to review and approve PR of core devs, push directly to the sktime repo, or getting notifications via CODEOWNERS.
Examples: pycaret, statsforecast, pywatts, tsfresh

for situation 1, we already have a role - algorithm maintainer. We may have to specify how this translates into access rights to the repo.
For situation 2, we could introduce the role of allied or affiliated core dev.


## Appendix B - KNIME (from Patrick)

from Patrick: Potential Cooperation with KNIME (https://www.knime.com)
    * KNIME is a software to create and productionize data science using one easy and intuitive environment
    * KNIME is currently working on python M/L functionality 
    * We might cooperate with KNIME on integrating sktime their software by adapters
    * Advatanges: increase visibility of sktime - integrate into an easy to use GUI with a large (commercial) customer base, might be part of some hackathon? Other options (thought og pydata initially)?
    * Disadvantages: KNIME is partially commercial, but distribtues its software open source (GNU)
