# sktime CC meeting notes

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
14/06/2022, 4:00pm UTC

**Attendees:**: Franz, Guzal

**Location:** `sktime` discord

[governance / community council channel](https://discord.com/channels/723500657255907408/875425974345416734)

## Agenda

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)


2. Review of actions from May 31 and other outstanding or ongoing actions
    1. action: sktime domain emails - track
        * TB no longer active - what is status and next steps?
    3. action TB to change URL for readthedocs and MW to investigate - track
        * action MW: we can still see ads, need to contact them to take them down. Are we paying?
    5. action FK: write email with list to Arliss. action FK chase, write again.
        * written, no reply or other reaction. What to do now?
    7. action FK: scheduling - track
        * bring Thu-Fri and general scheduling up in core devs, formulate vote
        * propose updated schedule when interns have joined (dependent on topics, projects, etc) - post in core 
        * action on FK to pull schedule together
    8. action TB on budget
        * TB has dropped off, treasurer role is vacant
        * what next? treasurer role, budget management?
    9. action FK related to pydata
        * explore whether sprint possible at pydata
            * catch-up with Leonidas on June 15, probably no sprint
        * explore whether core devs can meet in London around pydata
            * no travel funds available

3. summer programme org updates: dev sprint
    * UCL confirmed as venue. Turing did not react and are unresponsive
    * funding: probably ca 5-7k available from: sktime donations (sans the industry donations that are unaccounted for); GSoC mentoring funds for mentee travel etc; FK UCL discretionary
    * UKRI grant probably not available
    * staffing: need to encourage core devs to participate
    * programme: should reach out to communities and researchers to give talks, e.g., other numfocus packages
    * comms: some avenues identified. Announce at pydata London. Numfocus unresponsive on comms assist. Turing unresponsive on comms assist.
    * [minutes of org meeting June 10](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/blob/main/community_team/previous_meetings/20220610-meeting.md)

4. pydata London update

5. reserved business

6. roll-over items, from ages ago:
    * FK: special roles for contributors
    * Patrick - KNIME

7. AOB

## Notes


1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)
    * defer until MW is here

2. Review of actions from May 31 and other outstanding or ongoing actions
    1. action: sktime domain emails - track
        * TB no longer active - what is status and next steps?
        * defer until MW joins
    3. action TB to change URL for readthedocs and MW to investigate - track
        * action MW: we can still see ads, need to contact them to take them down. Are we paying?
        * defer until MW joins
    5. action FK: write email with list to Arliss. action FK chase, write again.
        * written, no reply or other reaction. What to do now?
        * GB: maybe try different email contact? WHo introduced Arliss
        * FK: had only contact with Arliss so far
        * GB: contact generic point of contact
        * FK action: contact generic poing
    7. action FK: scheduling - track
        * bring Thu-Fri and general scheduling up in core devs, formulate vote
        * propose updated schedule when interns have joined (dependent on topics, projects, etc) - post in core 
        * action on FK to pull schedule together
            * done, schedule is consolidated & running
    8. action TB on budget
        * TB has dropped off, treasurer role is vacant
        * what next? treasurer role, budget management?
            * skip until when MW is there
    9. action FK related to pydata
        * explore whether sprint possible at pydata
            * catch-up with Leonidas on June 15, probably no sprint
        * explore whether core devs can meet in London around pydata
            * no travel funds available

3. summer programme org updates: dev sprint
    * UCL confirmed as venue. Turing did not react and are unresponsive
    * funding: probably ca 5k USD available from: sktime donations (sans the industry donations that are unaccounted for); GSoC mentoring funds for mentee travel etc; FK UCL discretionary -> catering
        * catering: action FK, try to spend FK money on that. Ascertain options first, estimate from eventbrite
    * UKRI grant probably not available
    * staffing: need to encourage core devs to participate
    * programme: should reach out to communities and researchers to give talks, e.g., other numfocus packages
    * comms: some avenues identified. Announce at pydata London. Numfocus unresponsive on comms assist. Turing unresponsive on comms assist.
    * registration: eventbrite
        * should include travel support application
        * need to help fund event, price tag?
            * check with MW before send this out
            * GB: should have at least nominal tag, since last time we had 100 registrations, 10 attendance, food waste
            * FK: could also ask for more since we are short on funds
        * early career non-contributors, presenters, and contributors are exempt
    * [minutes of org meeting June 10](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/blob/main/community_team/previous_meetings/20220610-meeting.md)

4. pydata London update
    - action GB: post on Twitter create a prompt for LinkedIn
    - action GB: create eventbrite event once price/arrangements questions are settled

6. roll-over items, from ages ago:
    * FK: special roles for contributors
    * Patrick - KNIME
        * skipped

7. AOB
