# sktime CC meeting agenda

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
25/01/2022, 5:30pm UTC

**Attendees:**: Franz, Guzal, Tony, Luca

**Location:** `sktime` discord

[governance / community council channel](https://discord.com/channels/723500657255907408/875425974345416734)

## Agenda

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)

3. Review of actions from Jan 11
    * action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
    * governance proposal on equal vote weighting by affiliationv - another round of review, GB to comment, then see whether CC can find consensus (new CC composotion)

    * action FK: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme with GB & potential other core devs; GB formulate core dev message
    * action MW: check with Markus to give access to sktime youtube acct to interested core devs, share recordings on release process
    * action FK: contact GitHub on removal of PR 1744, update
    * action/agenda for February (keep until then): review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked

4. Response to Linux Foundation email from Scott


9. FK: updates on project management
    * deferred from next meeting
11. MW: teams vs discord for CC meetings?
    * deferred from next meeting

12. AOB

## Notes
1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)
    * ok, agreed

3. Review of actions from Jan 11
    * action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
        * not done, added GitHub milestones
        * will do after this call for Feb release (on slack)
        * discuss with Lukasz general schedule once 0.10.0 is out of way
    * governance proposal on equal vote weighting by affiliation type - another round of review, GB to comment, then see whether CC can find consensus (new CC composition)
        * not done yet, will do next week

    * action FK: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme with GB & potential other core devs; GB formulate core dev message
        * have regular meeting on Fri - 4pm UTC
        * action FK: announce  in core dev channel for this Fri; at least FK and GB will be in Fri meeting to think about strategy
    * action MW: check with Markus to give access to sktime youtube acct to interested core devs, share recordings on release process
        * MW said he completed action (so probably means this is done? ) - check in next meeting where MW is present
    * action FK: contact GitHub on removal of PR 1744, update
        * GitHub: can´t do it because 25 forks of branch exist; would need all these to ask for deletion, or delete entire repo
    * action/agenda for February (keep until then): review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked


4. Response to Linux Foundation
    * action TB, respond

5. discussion what to do on PR 1744
    * contacting 25 people not feasible or desirable (agreed)
    * action TB to contact ML; FK to offer apologies

9. FK: updates on project management
    * deferred from last meeting
    * regular stand-ups on Fr (4 groups), regular attendance, ca 3-4 people each, FK feels it´s productive; uses GitHub boards
    * Fr community meeting - visited by ca 5 people, FK feels that new joiners, mentees really appreciate this
    * no one wants to go to "bugfixing" or "docs" themed ones...


11. MW: teams vs discord for CC meetings?
    * deferred from last meeting
    * slack has paid model for voice channels
        * TB: it´s a per-person model!
    * vote in core devs seems to indicate for discord
    * let´s discuss when MW is back

12. AOB
