# sktime CC meeting agenda

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
08/02/2022, 5:00pm UTC

**Attendees:**: Franz, Guzal, Martin

**Location:** `sktime` discord

[governance / community council channel](https://discord.com/channels/723500657255907408/875425974345416734)

## Agenda

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)

2. Review of actions from Jan 25 and outstanding actions from Jan 11
    * action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
        * discuss with Lukasz general schedule once 0.10.0 is out of way
    * action GB: governance proposal on equal vote weighting by affiliation - another round of review, GB to comment, then see whether CC can find consensus (new CC composotion)

    * action FK: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme with GB & potential other core devs; GB formulate core dev message
    * action MW: check with Markus to give access to sktime youtube acct to interested core devs, share recordings on release process
    * action/agenda for February (keep until then): review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked
    * action TB, respond to LF
    * action TB to contact ML re PR 1744; FK to offer apologies


3. updates & discussion from outreach workstream
 * general update 
 * summer internships, proposals
 * Introduce our own internships (instead of outsourcing to orgs like Outreachy)?
 * pydata Berlin
 * mentoring

4. Policy on giving talks to third parties
    - option one: the presenter should explicitly state that they won't represent or advertise the company that they work for, and just ask for approval from any cc member (informal)
    - option two: solidify this in documentation with clear

4. budgeting, finance

5. readthedocs subscription, removing ads for users

6. revisiting social tools:
   * MW: teams vs discord for CC meetings?
   * FK: deprecate gitter in favour of GitHub discussions?

7. AOB

## Notes

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)
    * agreed

2. Review of actions from Jan 25 and outstanding actions from Jan 11
    * action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
        * discuss with Lukasz general schedule once 0.10.0 is out of way
        * releasea has appened, action still to plan general reminders

    * action GB: governance proposal on equal vote weighting by affiliation - another round of review, GB to comment, then see whether CC can find consensus (new CC composotion)
        * GB: introduces complexity; why those groups?
        * instinct: complication, let's not introduce it
        * revisit when early career members on the CC, then vote

    * action FK: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme with GB & potential other core devs; 
        * workstream meets Fr 4pm UTC
        * looking for mentors - so far, Guzal co-mentor; Lukasz mentor
    * GB formulate core dev message "looking for mentors"
        * done
    * action MW: check with Markus to give access to sktime youtube acct to interested core devs, share recordings on release process
        * youtube acct is via gmail acct
        * release process has been superseded by new release process
        * other private videos available in acct
        * action MW: post link to private videos, check how this can be shared with core devs
    * action/agenda for February (keep until then): review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked
        * added as item below
    * action TB, respond to LF
        * done, agreed to stay in touch
    * action TB to contact ML re PR 1744; FK to offer apologies
        * done

3. updates & discussion from outreach workstream
 * general update 
     * internship appl deadlines for orgs in mid/end Feb
     * collect topics as bullet points
     * applications still need to be written
 * mentoring
     * Lukasz has committed time for mentoring over summer
     * co-mentors: Lovkush, Guzal
 * summer internships, proposals
     * need to get access to last year's materials
     * meet to start writing proposals, Feb 9 5pm UTC
 * Introduce our own internships (instead of outsourcing to orgs like Outreachy)?
     * revisit when TB is here
 * pydata Berlin
     * Apr 11 + 3, slot for probabilistic & hierarchical (if ready)
     * Franz, Dan available to attend - maybe Martin
     * confirm by Feb 15
     * need to work on tutorial in Mar; speed up roadmap, debugging 
 * NordVPN presentation - Feb 22
     * Martin, Guzal, ca 30 people audience
     * presenting standard tutorial & intro material 

4. Policy on giving talks to third parties
    - option one: the presenter should explicitly state that they won't represent or advertise the company that they work for, and just ask for approval from any cc member (informal)
        - FK: quorate majority, instead of "any one" Cc member?
    - option two: solidify this in documentation with clear rules
    
        * agreed on following policy: explicit disclaimer of affiliation for the talk (sktime, not company); approval of Cc as a body (quorate majority of individuals not involved in the talk)

5. budgeting, finance
    * FK: propose introducing treasurer role
    * publishing expenses on opencollective
    * action decided: ask core devs for assuming treasurer role
    * role desc:
        * maintaining opencollective acct
        * regular budget reports to CC and core devs, and global community
        * checking donations, checking reimbursement requests
        * liaising with donor finance function
        * reports to, is accountable to Cc 

6. readthedocs subscription, removing ads for users
    * 5 dollar per month
    * FK: agreed
    * GB: agreed
    * MW: agreed
    * decided
    * action FK: check with Tony, has access to readthedocs acct
    * probably TB can set this up easily
    * take from opencollective & ensure it appears on budget

7. revisiting social tools:
   * MW: teams vs discord for CC meetings?
       * GB: if Teams allows "open" meetings
           * FK: agree, it's very open
       * FK: let's stay on discord
       * communty vote: discord majority
       * agreed, keep discord
   * FK: deprecate gitter in favour of GitHub discussions?
       * GB: agree
       * MW: yes, duplicate of GitHub discussions
       * agreed, deprecate
           * soft-deprecation, funnel people to GitHub discussions
           * PR, remove links, replace by GitHub discussions
           * agenda item in Mar: consider hard-deprecation in Mar (first CC meeting in Mar)

8. review how project management has worked
    * move to next meeting

9. AOB

