# sktime CC meeting notes

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
22/03/2022, 5:00pm UTC

**Attendees:**: Martin, Franz, Tony, Guzal, Lukasz, Vasudeva Kilaru (contrib)

**Location:** `sktime` discord

[governance / community council channel](https://discord.com/channels/723500657255907408/875425974345416734)

## Agenda

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)

2. Review of actions from Mar 08 and other outstanding or ongoing actions
General action relate to pydata, organisation is ongoing. 
Rolled over:
    1. action MW: ask Markus about readthedocs account TBC
    2. action all: review probabilistic functionality
    3. action FK: write tutorial, presentation
    4. action GB: look for a ticket on proba/hierarchical modules, review PRs
    5. action GB: discuss sprint organisation on Friday. 
    6. action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
        - discuss with Lukasz general schedule once 0.10.0 is out of way. Lukasz seemingly not got much spare time. 
    7. action FK, GB: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme with GB & potential other core devs;
        - 1st meeting held, do again with all (co-)mentors in light of GSoC announcement.
    8. Ongoing review of friday structure: review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked
    9. Action MW: turn off gitter.
        - FK: need to make sure links are also gone and replaced by GitHub discussions! Including "community" and other secondary repos.
    10. Action GSoC to be discussed at Friday meeting, report back here
        - action GB: create posts for Twitter and LinkedIn
    11. Roll over: can sktime community help war refugees?
    12. Action TB: meet with Shell, hear their wishes, report back here
    13. Action TB: get access to current funds and test process through UEA payment.
    14. Action TB: work out cost and mechanism for sktime.org emails. 


3. budget update - TB (treasurer)
    * monthly reports
    * GitHub donations
    * Shell donation

4. TB - EPSRC grant proposal

5. numfocus - sktime is now numfocus affil
    * next steps

6. pydata Berlin
- need to set up working group for content

7. release 0.11.0
    * blocking item: hierarchical transformer (was on "must" list)
    * blocking item: multiple Arima versions

7. FK, MW multiple versions of the same algorithm, how to handle

8. GSoC 
    * selection process definition
    * scheduling panels, interviews
    * organizing onboarding week

9. AOB


## Notes


1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)
    * agreed
    
2. Review of actions from Mar 08 and other outstanding or ongoing actions
General action relate to pydata, organisation is ongoing. 
Rolled over:
    1. action MW: ask Markus about readthedocs account TBC
        * MW has now created sktime readthedocs account
        * need to work out how to redirect to the new account
        * action MW: set up group programming session to find out and move readthedocs. Ensure Lukasz is in the meeting.
        * action TB: buy readthedocs subscription (5 USD?/ month) for premium, to remove ads
    2. action all: review probabilistic functionality
        * not done, but PR got merged by 2 weeks rule
        * should look at it
    3. action FK: write tutorial, presentation
        * not done, plan is to have a first stab by end of week
        * we need to plan presentation (who, when what), have regular meetings with team until pydata -> Franz, Martin (opt), Daniel?
        * discussion item below
    4. action GB: look for a ticket on proba/hierarchical modules, review PRs
        * not done, will look befre Friday
    5. action GB: discuss sprint organisation on Friday. 
        * done
        * FK: inquired by email, there are no "official" sprints, and no official sprint venue (in departure from usual pydata)
        * pydata are happy to announce a sprint publicly if we organize one
        * FK asked Patrick whether Humboldt university can provide a room -> Patrick said he cannot help us
        * FK action: see conference venue, perhaps have space
        * TB action: follow up with Patrick
    6. action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
        - discuss with Lukasz general schedule once 0.10.0 is out of way. Lukasz seemingly not got much spare time. 
        * agreed with biweekly, action on FK to add to calendar
    7. action FK, GB: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme with GB & potential other core devs;
        - 1st meeting held, do again with all (co-)mentors in light of GSoC announcement.
        * now regular happening on Fridays, well-attended by mentors
    8. Ongoing review of friday structure: review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked
        * carry over
    9. Action MW: turn off gitter.
        - FK: need to make sure links are also gone and replaced by GitHub discussions! Including "community" and other secondary repos.
        * carry over, to be done after 0.11.0 to avoid dead links
    10. Action GSoC to be discussed at Friday meeting, report back here
        - action GB: create posts for Twitter and LinkedIn
        * done
    11. Roll over: can sktime community help war refugees?
        * discuss on Friday (outreach meeting)
        * currently, "how" not entirely clear
    12. Action TB: meet with Shell, hear their wishes, report back here
        * discuss below in item 3 (budget)
    13. Action TB: get access to current funds and test process through UEA payment.
        * discuss below in item 3 (budget)
    14.  Action TB: work out cost and mechanism for sktime.org emails. 
        * discuss below in item 3 (budget)


3. budget update - TB (treasurer)
    * monthly reports
    * funding/payment process test
    * GitHub donations
    * Shell donation
        * met, commitment to 80k USD donation
        * via GitHub sponsors
        * need to ensure proper accountability & tax compliance
        * suggestion: Shell -> GitHub sponsors -> UEA research account, plus budget reporting to sktime community
        * full decision making capacity rests at sktime CC (subject to UK law, UEA regulations etc)
        * employment for interns possible up to 90 days, above triggers visa requirements
        * employment contract requires following UEA HR process
        * decision point. FK abstains (due to Shell affiliation). remaining CC members agree unanimously. Core devs present agree.
        * all donations need to be present and transparent in monthly budget reports

4. TB - EPSRC grant proposal
    * value awarded ca 500k GBP
    * 20% of Tony, 20% of Markus (if accepts, action Tony to contact Markus), 1 maintainer/postdoc 3Y, money for community activities
    * decision capacity on flex money at CC

5. numfocus - sktime is now numfocus affil
    * next steps
        * numfocus accepted, acceptance was sent
        * they requested additional details (logo, names of focal points)
        * FK replied ca week ago with that info, CC as focals
        * have not heard back from them since
        * action: track this until next meeting

6. pydata Berlin
- need to set up working group for content
    * FK to drive this

7. release 0.11.0
    * blocking item: hierarchical transformer (was on "must" list)
        * FK to present to Lukasz after Cc meeting
    * blocking item: multiple AutoArima versions
        * decision: delay release to Mar 24, gives slack to resolve the above issues

7. FK, MW multiple versions of the same algorithm, how to handle
    * decision: two/separate classes, on AutoARIMA, want parameter names as uniform as possible
    * LM: long term, we can have a backend dispatcher interface (on top of individual dependency interfaces)
    * LM, FK: StatsForecastAutoARIMA is clearer name than NumbaAutoARIMA, keep the name
    * in this specific case, ask federico to make parameters uniform
    * if not done by Thu, MW will do to ensure release

8. GSoC 
    * selection process definition
    * scheduling panels, interviews
    * organizing onboarding week
        * discuss on Friday, action GB bring it up during community outreach meeting

9. AOB
 * proposition: schedule review of action to take max 15 mins



### list of actions arising

1. action TB: sktime domain emails
2. action GB: bring up GSoC discussion on Friday
3. action MW: set up group programming session to find out and move readthedocs. Ensure Lukasz is in the meeting.
4. action TB: buy readthedocs subscription (5 USD?/ month) for premium, to remove ads
5. action GB: look for a ticket on proba/hierarchical modules, review PRs
6. action FK: set up working group and meeting series to prepare for pydata Berlin 
7. action TB: follow up with Patrick on Berlin
8. Ongoing review of friday structure: review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked
9. action MW: turn off gitter.
10. action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
11. action all: review probabilistic functionality
12. revisit numfocus in next meeting, track

Items for Fri meeting:
* pydata
* war refugees, what/how/whether
* GSoC
