# sktime CC meeting agenda

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
11/01/2022, 5:00pm UTC

**Attendees:**: Franz, Guzal, Martin, Tony, Luca

**Location:** `sktime` discord

[governance / community council channel](https://discord.com/channels/723500657255907408/875425974345416734)

## Agenda
1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)
3. Review of actions from Nov 29 and Dec 13
    * action TB: resolution mechanism for governance proposal on equal vote weighting by affiliation (industry, academia, early career)
    * action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
    * action TB: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme
    * action ML: to give access to sktime youtube acct to interested core devs, share recordings on release process
    * action FK: contact GitHub on removal of PR 1744
    * action/agenda for February (keep until then): review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked

3. new CC composition; affiliated role of GB
4. FK, GB: community team operations - merge into CC and Fri standups?
5. open source organisations - applications
6. FK: updates on project management
7. MW: teams vs discord for CC meetings?
8. AOB


## Notes
1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)
    * agreed
3. Review of actions from Nov 29 and Dec 13
    * action TB: resolution mechanism for governance proposal on equal vote weighting by affiliation (industry, academia, early career)
        * https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/pull/1237
        * agreed: another round of review, GB to comment, then see whether CC can find consensus (new CC composotion)
    * action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
        * not done yet, FK took time to get access credentials
    * action TB: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme
        * CC composition has changed; FK things we still should run this; GB willing to step up in organisation and co-mentor; TB cannot commit to mentor in summer but won´t exclude it - depends on deadlines & grant; FK willing to mentor
        * FK willing to take this on with help of GB; pull in interested core devs, and TB if grant and/or summer plans work out
        * FK to set up planning meeting with GB & potential other core devs; GB formulate core dev message
    * action ML: to give access to sktime youtube acct to interested core devs, share recordings on release process
        * probably has not happened; none in meeting have access to youtube acct to best knowledge. MW: maybe same acct as google? action MW to check
    * action FK: contact GitHub on removal of PR 1744
        * FK in contact with GitHub, removal underway (was left over Christmas holiday)
    * action/agenda for February (keep until then): review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked

3. new CC composition; affiliated role of GB
    * FYI; no formal definition of role needed since meetings are open and anyone can participate
5. FK, GB: community team operations - merge into CC and Fri standups?
    * agreed, makes sense
7. open source organisations - applications. Mentoring; umbrella orgs
    * numfocus deadline Jan 15
        * discussion - initial appl seems low effort, numfocus looks like the right place. agreed to apply for affiliation.
    * LF - need to reply to email
        * action MW: reply
    * GSoC and Outreachy, apply as org deadline in Feb
        * GB: shouldn´t apply until we have enough mentors - make announcement on Fr developer meeting

9. FK: updates on project management
    * deferred to next meeting
11. MW: teams vs discord for CC meetings?
    * deferred to next meeting
13. AOB
