# sktime CC meeting minutes 2022-05-17

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
17/05/2022, 4:00pm UTC

**Attendees:** Martin, Franz, Tony

**Chairing:** Martin

**Minuting:** Martin, Franz

**Location:** `sktime` discord

[governance / community council channel](https://discord.com/channels/723500657255907408/875425974345416734)

## Agenda

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)


2. Review of actions from May 03 and other outstanding or ongoing actionsw
    1. action TB: sktime domain emails - track
    2. action TB to change URL for readthedocs - track
    3. action FK: write email with list to Arliss - track response
    4. action FK: scheduling - track
        * bring Thu-Fri and general scheduling up in core devs, formulate vote
        * propose updated schedule when interns have joined (dependent on topics, projects, etc) - post in core 
    5. action TB on budget
        * action TB: prepare monthly spreadsheet
        * action TB: ask numfocus for advice

3. Decision on using UEA as a fiscal host
    * what level of transparency in accounting github sponsors donations do the council want?
    * Should UEA act as a fiscal host for money from github sponsors?

4. UEA grant update
    * hiring process: 100% PDRA post, 20% PDRA post (update on Markus)

    * collaborator update: meeting CHIMERA and UCL

5. summer programme updates
    * onboarding days, May 23-25
    * GSoC interviews concluded, offers will be made on May 19
    * need to organize dev sprint - funded from UEA grant?

6. update: pydata London
    * accepted with topic "how to build your own estimator"
    * June 17-19
    * FK and Leonidas presenting
    * organising sprint in conjunction? Meet in London?

7. budget update - TB (treasurer)
    * monthly reports Apr (still outstanding) and May
    * donations

8. roll-over items:
    * FK: special roles for contributors
    * Patrick - KNIME

9. AOB


## Notes

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)


2. Review of actions from Apr 05 and other outstanding or ongoing actionsw
    1. action TB: sktime domain emails - track
        * still track
    3. action TB to change URL for readthedocs - track
        * still track
    5. action FK: write email with list to Arliss - track response
        * no reponse, hopefully not in spam?
        * action FK write to her again
    7. action FK: scheduling - track
        * bring Thu-Fri and general scheduling up in core devs, formulate vote
        * propose updated schedule when interns have joined (dependent on topics, projects, etc) - post in core 
            * makes sense to do when all interns confirmed, will do then, track
            * related item: onboarding week (see below)
    8. action TB on budget
        * action TB: prepare monthly spreadsheet
            * action: share with CC
        * action TB: ask numfocus for advice
            * not necessary anymore


3. Decision on using UEA as a fiscal host, reporting transparency
    * What level of transparency in accounting github sponsors donations do the council want?
        * FK: would like full transparency, similar to OC now
        * TB: happy with that, although has reservations about disclosing names by default
        * MW: abstains
        * decided full transparency income/expenditure incl donor transparency (same level as OC currently)
    * Should UEA act as a fiscal host for money from github sponsors?
        * MW: prefers numfocus long-term, not discussed yet. Better if independent of individuals. Should fully explore numfocus integration (open end)
        * FK: would agree to proposal, given MW comment, should be under the proviso that (a) CC can decide to move to another fiscal host whenever, (b) acknowledges that it may be difficult to move money out of UEA, and (c ) handling of funds is always subject to CC decision making, even if at UEA
        * TB: can leave OC account open, this is not about deciding to decommision OC, but about routing future donation income to UEA directly - this makes decision easily reversible with above caveats
        * MW agrees subject to the above, and given that we want to explore numfocus
        * TB agrees to the above and provisos
        * FK agrees to the above and provisos
    * from above: joint decision, explore numfocus as fiscal host
        * FK: needs to recuse from anything related to handling of donations due to conflict of interest. Can write generic emails about admin, but fiscal matters and negotiations need to be done by others
        * MW: happy to drive this

4. UEA grant update
    * hiring process: 100% PDRA post, 20% PDRA post (update on Markus)
        * job spec in progress
        * FK: thinks we should co-draft job post
        * TB: can´t involve sktime in recruitment process
        * FK: thinks this is a major problem - role is for sktime community!
        * TB: need to discuss this another time
        * TB: Markus not available
        * FK: could open 20% role up to the community, part time
        * FK: sktime should be involved in hiring, defining
        * TB: that would be counterproductive to grant success
        * MW: thinks it´s better to avoid conflict
        * FK: it´s normal to involve key collaborator in hiring. Bizarre that sktime isn´t even on recruitment panel or defining specs for job.
    * discuss again next time, Tony needs to go

    * collaborator update: meeting CHIMERA and UCL

5. summer programme updates
    * onboarding days, May 23-25
    * GSoC interviews concluded, offers made, offers will be made on May 19
    * need to organize dev sprint - funded from UEA grant?
        * Tony not here, need to discuss funding

6. update: pydata London
    * accepted with topic "how to build your own estimator"
    * June 17-19
    * FK and Leonidas presenting
    * organising sprint in conjunction? Meet in London?
        * action FK: explore whether possible at pydata

7. budget update - TB (treasurer)
    * monthly reports Apr (still outstanding) and May
    * donations
        * Tony left early

8. roll-over items:
    * FK: special roles for contributors
    * Patrick - KNIME
        * roll over

9. AOB



## Appendix A - special roles for contributors proposal (from Franz)

by FK for discussion, possibly decision

I have seen situations where it would be useful to give non-core-devs elevated access rights to the repo, or a right to review.
I would propose to discuss these and introduce additional roles.

Situation 1: owner of a contributed algorithm or interface

In this case, our rules say the person should be notified if PR is made to their algorithm, and they should be able to review and possibly approve changes to their algorithm (in compliance with sktime rules and interface specifications). Currently, we maintain a CODEOWNERS file for this.
However, the PR notifications and review permissions only work if the user has write access.
Examples: statsforecast, multirocket, augmenters, hcrystalball

Situation 2: "allied" library core devs

Direct dependencies or reverse dependencies may be very active in reporting and reviewing contributions around the relevant dependency interface points. They tend to make PR or review PR with a quick turnaround, especially around the times where we or they move to a new version. Such contributors do not have the capacity to take on full responsibilities of an sktime core dev (because they are already core dev of an allied package), but they - and sktime - may benefit from them acting as core devs around the direct interface points, e.g., having the power to review and approve PR of core devs, push directly to the sktime repo, or getting notifications via CODEOWNERS.
Examples: pycaret, statsforecast, pywatts, tsfresh

for situation 1, we already have a role - algorithm maintainer. We may have to specify how this translates into access rights to the repo.
For situation 2, we could introduce the role of allied or affiliated core dev.


## Appendix B - KNIME (from Patrick)

from Patrick: Potential Cooperation with KNIME (https://www.knime.com)
    * KNIME is a software to create and productionize data science using one easy and intuitive environment
    * KNIME is currently working on python M/L functionality 
    * We might cooperate with KNIME on integrating sktime their software by adapters
    * Advatanges: increase visibility of sktime - integrate into an easy to use GUI with a large (commercial) customer base, might be part of some hackathon? Other options (thought og pydata initially)?
    * Disadvantages: KNIME is partially commercial, but distribtues its software open source (GNU)
