# sktime CC meeting agenda

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
03/05/2022, 4:00pm UTC

**Attendees:** Franz, Tony, Martin, Guzal 

**Minuting:** Guzal, Franz

**Location:** `sktime` discord

[governance / community council channel](https://discord.com/channels/723500657255907408/875425974345416734)

## Agenda

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)

2. Review of actions from Apr 19 and other outstanding or ongoing actions
   1. action TB: sktime domain emails
       * is set up now for a few emails (redirects)
       * still ongoing, since needs to make backups of tables
   3. action TB to change URL for readthedocs
       * instructions received
       * need to change from Markus acct to sktime acct
    4. write email with list to Arliss
    5. actions re scheduling:
        * action MW: move schedule to EU time
        * action FK to propose a reduced schedule, then update when interns have joined (dependent on topics, projects, etc) - post in core dev before rolling out
        * action FKbring Thu-Fri and general scheduling up in core devs, formulate vote
    7. action TB on budget, fiscal host
        * prepare monthly spreadsheet
        * action TB: follow up, report back
        * action TB: ask numfocus for advice


3. GSoc update

4. fiscal host and budget update - TB (treasurer)
    * monthly budget reports
        * action TB: prepare monthly spreadsheet
    * donations
    * UEA as fiscal host - routing proposal

5. FK: proposed special roles for contributors, see appendix A

6. Patrick Schaefer: KNIME

7. deprecation policy of algorithms, adaptors, e.g., hcrystalball

8. AOB


## Notes

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)
    * agreed

2. Review of actions from Apr 19 and other outstanding or ongoing actions
    1. action TB: sktime domain emails
       * is set up now for a few emails (redirects)
       * still ongoing, since needs to make backups of tables
       * still ongoing, track next time
    3. action TB to change URL for readthedocs
       * instructions received
       * need to change from Markus acct to sktime acct
       * ongoing, track next time
       * roll over till next time
    4. action FK: write email with list to Arliss
        * done, need to track response (and if response happens)
        * track next time
    6. actions re scheduling:
        * action MW: move schedule to EU time
            * done, in UK time now
        * action FK to propose a reduced schedule, then update when interns have joined (dependent on topics, projects, etc) - post in core dev before rolling out
            * proposed the schedule, and now in place
            * still needs to be done for "post intern" phase, track
        * action FK: bring Thu-Fri and general scheduling up in core devs, formulate vote
            * not done yet, still to do - not designed, not posted
    7. action TB on budget, fiscal host
        * prepare monthly spreadsheet
            * done (but not shown during meeting)
        * action TB: follow up on fiscal host, report back
            * have design, on agenda below for decision/approval
        * action TB: ask numfocus for advice
            * TB: no longer needed, setup is consolidated


3. GSoC update
    * FK and GB are now managing recruitment process, LA was main manager, stepped back last week - has no time
    * 9 people invited to final interview stage
    * 4 interviews done last Fri, 5 more this Fri, as planned
    * will have reconciliation meeting this or next week, tbd
    * out of 19 applicants 8 only submitted only one form, were filtered out without revieweing (according to process)
    * by May 18 - deadline for rankings
    * onboarding in 3 weeks, needs to be planned - will discuss with GSoC team
    * TB: bring a MSc student of his into mentees for this summer, all: supportive.
    * FK: should open ongoarding up generally to likely contributors, but may have to put a cap on total no slots.

4. fiscal host and budget update - TB (treasurer)
    * monthly budget reports
        * presenting monthly spreadsheet
            * not presented. TB wants to have discussion on whether this should be public.
        * for discussion and decision: should this be public?
            * Tony is *against* making reports on the UKRI grant public. Proposes to move away from open collective and reporting. Tony is *against* disclosing donors or amounts donated, and is also proposing to move donation route directly to UEA as fiscal host (see below). Donors should by default be anonymous, and amounts donated to UEA should not be disclosed.
            * FK has major concerns against stopping budget reporting practice. It is best practice in open communities to report income, income sources, and expenditures. See, e.g., transparency international guidelines. Not reporting donors could lead to loss in trust in sktime, and FK can hardly imagine that donors would be happy with this either.
            * re Shell donation: FK does not handle this on behalf of Shell due to CoI, but FK would imagine that TB proposal (which amounts to handle this "in secret" without disclosure) would be considered very problematic by Shell.
            * if it came to a vote, FK would vote against stopping budget reporting on industry donations. TB has accepted treasurer role and should prepare, and present budget spreadsheets. Industry donors and donated amounts should be transparently, and publicly, disclosed.
            * MW: is neutral about the issue.
            * decision deferred to next meeting since no agreement
    * UEA as fiscal host
        * for decision: fiscal routing proposal
        * proposal = from current, GitHub sponsors -> OC -> reimbursement, change to GitHub sponsors -> UEA, where "UEA" = discretionary research acct at UEA subject to ethics approval, formal financial approval at UEA, and direct decision of Tony, which will always implement sktime CC decisions, decision point is sktime CC. Direct donations via OC and/or existing money in OC used as "small change" for reimbursement, hosting etc.
    * TB: in terms of employing people - paying them as self-employed. Tax situations can get tricky in different countries, solution: work it out case by case
    * TB: make the reports public but keep the donators names anonymous
    * TB: Put out accounts with monthly incomes/expenses, put out the GitHub names from GitHub sponsors, but not company names
    * FK: would in-principle agree to that, but finds it very problematic in combination with lack of proper reporting, see above. TB should remember he is administering the funds on behalf of the sktime community. UKRI grant was awarded to the sktime open source project, even if TB formally administered it. Donation is to the sktime community, and TB would be administering it on behalf of sktime. This has been agreed in the March 22 CC meeting.
    * FK: would feel compelled to vote against the change in fiscal routing, without assurances that budget reporting is properly done. The change in fiscal host, as proposed, would remove montly reporting practice entirely (which currently happens automatically via OC), for all future donations and income. This lack of transparency is not acceptable to FK.
    * MW: is neutral about the issue.
    * FK: proposes to put this matter to the core developers and collect opinions. Not a binding vote, but for information and see what comes back.
    * FK: feels that the above discussion on reporting was unexpected, and is surprised about TB reluctance to commit to monthly budget reports in his treasurer role for the sktime community. Especially since we are talking about ca 700k GBP total amounts.
    * FK: need to revisit "action TB: ask numfocus for advice -> TB: no longer needed, setup is consolidated". FK thinks we should definitely ask numfocus for advice here, given the controversy!
    * all agreed to defer decision until next CC meeting and inform the core devs about the matter, see what opinions come back. No decision taken about numfocus advice.
    * out of time here.


5. FK: proposed special roles for contributors, see appendix A
* not discussed, out of time. Roll over.


6. Patrick Schaefer: KNIME
* not discussed, out of time. Roll over.


7. deprecation policy of algorithms, adaptors, e.g., hcrystalball
* not discussed, out of time. Roll over.

8. AOB


## Appendix A - special roles for contributors proposal (from Franz)

by FK for discussion, possibly decision

I have seen situations where it would be useful to give non-core-devs elevated access rights to the repo, or a right to review.
I would propose to discuss these and introduce additional roles.

Situation 1: owner of a contributed algorithm or interface

In this case, our rules say the person should be notified if PR is made to their algorithm, and they should be able to review and possibly approve changes to their algorithm (in compliance with sktime rules and interface specifications). Currently, we maintain a CODEOWNERS file for this.
However, the PR notifications and review permissions only work if the user has write access.
Examples: statsforecast, multirocket, augmenters, hcrystalball

Situation 2: "allied" library core devs

Direct dependencies or reverse dependencies may be very active in reporting and reviewing contributions around the relevant dependency interface points. They tend to make PR or review PR with a quick turnaround, especially around the times where we or they move to a new version. Such contributors do not have the capacity to take on full responsibilities of an sktime core dev (because they are already core dev of an allied package), but they - and sktime - may benefit from them acting as core devs around the direct interface points, e.g., having the power to review and approve PR of core devs, push directly to the sktime repo, or getting notifications via CODEOWNERS.
Examples: pycaret, statsforecast, pywatts, tsfresh

for situation 1, we already have a role - algorithm maintainer. We may have to specify how this translates into access rights to the repo.
For situation 2, we could introduce the role of allied or affiliated core dev.


## Appendix B - KNIME (from Patrick)

from Patrick: Potential Cooperation with KNIME (https://www.knime.com)
    * KNIME is a software to create and productionize data science using one easy and intuitive environment
    * KNIME is currently working on python M/L functionality 
    * We might cooperate with KNIME on integrating sktime their software by adapters
    * Advatanges: increase visibility of sktime - integrate into an easy to use GUI with a large (commercial) customer base, might be part of some hackathon? Other options (thought og pydata initially)?
    * Disadvantages: KNIME is partially commercial, but distribtues its software open source (GNU)
