# sktime CC meeting notes

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/y1OcL1QMQLiZjRwVB0t0RQ)

**Date:** 
08/03/2022, 5:00pm UTC

**Attendees:**: Franz, Guzal, Tony, Martin, Lovkush

**Location:** `sktime` discord

[governance / community council channel](https://discord.com/channels/723500657255907408/875425974345416734)

## Agenda

1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)

2. Review of actions from Feb 22 and other outstanding or ongoing actions
    * action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
        * discuss with Lukasz general schedule once 0.10.0 is out of way
        - not done, met with Lukasz, postponed till the next meeting
    * action FK, GB: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme with GB & potential other core devs;
        - 1st meeting held, do again with all (co-)mentors
    * action/agenda for February (keep until then): review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked
         - will discuss today
    * agenda item in Mar: consider hard-deprecation of Gitter in Mar (first CC meeting in Mar)

    * action MW: ask Markus about readthedocs account
    * action all: review probabilistic functionality 
    * action FK: write tutorial, presentation
    * action GB: look for a ticket on proba/hierarchical modules, review PRs
    * action GB: discuss sprint organisation on Friday

3. sktime selected for GSoC!
    * social media
    * application guide needs update for 2022
    * planning of selection process

4. FK: can sktime community help war refugees?
    * dedicated internships?
    * outreach?

5. budget update - TB (treasurer)
    * monthly reports?
    * donations

6. numfocus application - did this get lost?
    * notifications were due on Feb 28, none was received by us?
    * cannot find email on submission (FK found it, was in spam)
    * perhaps submission unsuccessful, or typo in email?

7. sktime CC emails
    * MW no longer has a valid email address
    * so cannot be invited to calls etc
    * what do we do?
    * generally, should we have name@sktime.org?

8. pydata Berlin
- admin issues:
    - organise a sprint while pyData happens (?)
    - content status
    - need tutorials


9. review how project management has worked

10. AOB


## Notes


1. Review of [last meeting's minutes](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/tree/main/community_council/previous_meetings)
    - agreed

2. Review of actions from Feb 22 and other outstanding or ongoing actions
    * action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
        * discuss with Lukasz general schedule once 0.10.0 is out of way
        - not done, met with Lukasz, postponed till the next meeting
    * action FK, GB: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme with GB & potential other core devs;
        - 1st meeting held, do again with all (co-)mentors
    * action/agenda for February (keep until then): review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked
         - will discuss today
    * agenda item in Mar: consider hard-deprecation of Gitter in Mar (first CC meeting in Mar)

    * action MW: ask Markus about readthedocs account
        * MW did not respond
        * FK: I think he did ask? He just has connection problems (that´s why he did not respond)
        * MW: I am on it with Markus to migrate the account to sktime account.
    * action all: review probabilistic functionality
        * Nobody seems to have done this. to be rolled forward.
    * action FK: write tutorial, presentation
        * tutorial not done yet, working on machinery mainly
    * action GB: look for a ticket on proba/hierarchical modules, review PRs
        * not done
    * action GB: discuss sprint organisation on Friday
        * not done, Fr meeting did not happen.
        * to discuss Mar 12

3. removal of Gitter?
    
    Martin and Tony vote close down, Franz abstains, Guzal and Lovkush agree. Martin to close down.

4. sktime selected for GSoC!
    * social media
    * application guide needs update for 2022
    * planning of selection process
    * FK updated council on status of GSoC application.
    * Agreed to discuss actions in Friday meeting.

5. FK: can sktime community help war refugees?
    * dedicated internships?
    * outreach?
    * maybe sth like this? https://refugeetalenthub.com/en?meet-greet-work
    * action all: let´s think about how this could look like. Problems: content, ops (set-up), resourcing, process. Discuss again next Cc meeting

6. budget update - TB (treasurer)
    * monthly reports?
    * donations
        * there is one person donating 1 dollar per month! quite sweet.
        * shell has been touch. TB to have meeting with Paul Gelderblom. better to have meeting with TB than with FK, as FK is employed by shell. we have been told it will be a gift/donation and we are free to use it as we deem useful. shell may suggest things they want, but no formal obligation to oblige.
        * potential uses of donations: removing ads from docs, increasing email accounts, paying for professional developer, funding code sprints. but really open to community to make suggestions.
    * TB. cannot log on to open collective.
        * what´s the action?
    * open collective -> UEA -> internship/employment is an option

7. numfocus application - did this get lost?
    * notifications were due on Feb 28, none was received by us?
    * cannot find email on submission (FK found it, was in spam)
    * perhaps submission unsuccessful, or typo in email?
    * nobody has heard any updates.
    * FK. has sent email to numfocus to ask for clarification.
    * TB. maybe fact we applied for affiliate causes delays?

8. sktime CC emails
    * FK: MW no longer has a valid email address, so cannot be invited to calls etc, what do we do?
    * FK: generally, should we have name@sktime.org?
    * MW: proposes having sktime emails for sktime correspondance. FK. that is useful. TG. can do this via hosting service he has - would cost a small amount.
    * GB: one benefit of these emails would be that we can share these emails on sktime for ppl to contact us. right now ppl would not be comfortable sharing their personal email for such purposes

9. pydata Berlin
- admin issues:
    - organise a sprint while pyData happens (?)
    - content status
        - FK. framework for prob and hier stuff is there now. now to fill it in with interesting estimators. would be nice to have pipeline stuff also.
    - need tutorials


10. review how project management has worked
    - FK. good is that there is decent attendance from developers. bad is that there is low attendance from core developers (except guzal and martin and fk).
    - FK. has suceeded in hierarchical work, and this likely attributable to having these structured meetings.
    - TB. not something TB would be happy to do.
    - FK. is aiming to get this sustained without needing FK. mentioned a few people who have been active can might be able to sustain it.
    - TB. if we are successful in grant proposal, see below, they would likely get involved in this.
    - no actions, just an update.

11. AOB
    - TB. grant proposal to EPSRC for research software engineer, tailored for open source tools. total 4.5 million pounds of funding. we have got through initial sift (from around 300 to 35). there was meeting on Mar 1st where rank ordered list is created. if successful, could get 3 years of funding. we have seen reviews, but not perfect. we will know by end of march.
    - TB. physicist from queen mary got in touch 2.5 years ago interested in applying sktime to aerospace. Luka. has some postdoc enrichment funding from turing, which is related to that discussion 2.5 years ago. TB to meet with luka.
    - FK. got an email from turing to attend as industry representative to a workshop where they will showcase their software. but sktime and mlj is not on the list, which is surprising.


### list of actions arising

general action relate to pydata, organisation is ongoing. 
Rolled over:
1. action MW: ask Markus about readthedocs account TBC
2. action all: review probabilistic functionality roll over
3. action FK: write tutorial, presentation
4. action GB: look for a ticket on proba/hierarchical modules, review PRs
5. action GB: discuss sprint organisation on Friday. 
6. action FK: google calendar reminders of release schedules
    - discuss with Lukasz general schedule once 0.10.0 is out of way. Lukasz seemingly not got much spare time. 
7. action FK, GB: set up strategic planning meeting for mentoring and internship programme with GB & potential other core devs;
    - 1st meeting held, do again with all (co-)mentors in light of GSoC announcement.
8. Ongoing review of friday structure: review in 3 months how new project management structure has worked
9. Action MW: turn off gitter.
    - FK: need to make sure links are also gone and replaced by GitHub discussions! Including "community" and other secondary repos.
10. Action GSoC to be discussed at Friday meeting, report back here
    - action GB: create posts for Twitter and LinkedIn
11. Roll over: can sktime community help war refugees?
12. Action TB: meet with Shell, hear their wishes, report back here
13. Action TB: get access to current funds and test process through UEA payment.
14.  Action TB: work out cost and mechanism for sktime.org emails. 
