# Core dev meeting July 2021


**:calendar:** August 12, 2021


### :wave: Attendees

- [name=Martin]
- [name=Markus]
- [name=Satya]
- [name=Viktor]

### :female-construction-worker: Roles

- [name=Moderator]
- [name=Time keeper]
- [name=Note taker]


### :deciduous_tree: Agenda 

* global forecasting
* docstrings
* doc sprint

Suggested by fkiraly:
* PR #1232
* PR #1255 on 3.9 compatibility


### :pencil: Notes

* schedule separate call for global forecasting
* docsprint
    * have interactive hackmd 
    * ask participants for expectations
    * make adjustments depending on what participants want to work on
    * send reminder email to registered attendees with dev setup instructions and planned agenda


