# Core dev meeting July 2021


**:calendar:** July 30, 2021


### :wave: Attendees

- [name=Martin]
- [name=Markus]
- and others

### Roles
* timekeeper: Lovkush
* moderator: Lovkush
* notetaker @fkiraly

### :pencil: Agenda 

- schedule:
    - (10 mins, project board managers) quick report-out
    - (10 mins, module owners) roadmap updates
        - advertise the doc sprint
    - (40 mins, issue/PR creator, everyone) focusing on one issue

- having place where to collect topics would be good

* FK topic: tags
* FK topic: transformer refactor
* FK: how about always spend 15 min time to go through PR?
* FK: for the tech meeting on Fr, PR from my side to discuss: 1036, 1091; smaller bunch of PR to complete multivariate/test interactions: 1193, 1195, 1197, 1213

- ask about what the right cadence is for this meeting (see https://hackmd.io/UrTcChVZTqywxNJWiFCzBg dicussion point 1), e.g., biweekly or monthly

### :pencil: Notes

1. project board managers, quick report-out
    * triage role not assigned, should assigne triage roles
        * volunteering: Franz, Leonidas, Ryan (not present but proposed), Lovkush, Tony (classif/cluster)
    * role spec: first response (move to discussion? which board?, "checklist" review), attach label 

2. module owners, roadmap updates
    - forecasting: Markus, Franz
        * major interface refactor done
        * multivariate compatibility in #980
        * still few examples multivariate, multiple bugfixes post #980 still need review! Unlocks hierarchical and panel forecast
    - clustering, classification: Tony
    - cross-cutting: Franz
        * interface refactor should be applied to all modules consistently, under work (next: transformers)
        * tag system and tag inheritance have been introduced.
        * much work to do in classif refactor, no one on this
        * which concrete tags need to be determined
    - advertise the doc sprint - Markus
        * w/c Aug 23 - doc sprint is advertised
        * need to collect items for new contributors

3. new roadmap items, meetings for next month
    * Satya: panel forecaster, season trees
        * FK: panel forecasting in general interface?
        * Leonidas: has worked on this, has code available
    * Martin: hierarchical time series modelling
        * already a STEP for that, meeting later today
        * tree-based models
        * Leonidas: cross-learning, see also M5
    * Tony: segmentation/transformation combo for sktime-neuro
        * FK: would like to meet & discuss on this
            * Tony, Franz, Svea
    * Tony: benchmarking module should be extended
    * Markus: no additions; use this session to update roadmap?
        * standing agenda point from now on - review and update roadmap? -> FK: good idea
    * Leonidas: intermittent time series forecasting models
        * new book this June has come out
        * specific metrics for intermitent series
    * Leonidas: hierarchical time series forecasting models
    * Leonidas: tsfeatures PR is open, had dependency issues, allegedly fixed; create our own transformers?
        * FK: agree, we should build series-to-primitives trafos
    * FK, should have some meetings:
        * align on tags and tag usage
            * Markus, Tony, Martin
    * Lovkush: short meeting to discuss tracking models used in scientific papers; references to papers, versions of models
        * FK: maybe openML interface for model/algorithm versioning?
    * Tony: need to meet about distances (old) vs dists_kernels (new)
        * Franz, Tony, Chris
    * LA: need meeting for test refacator and test speed-up
        * who needs to be in this?
            * Tony (because classifiers), Markus, who else?

4. specific issues: multivariate forecasting

FK: two key things to do first (before hierarchical etc)
* implementing concrete multivariate forecasters (reducers)
    * VAR, VECM, reduction with multivariate y, composers
* ensuring that tests suite is compatible with multivariate
    * FK: #980 was incomplete and introduced some bugs
    * smaller bunch of PR to complete multivariate/test interactions: 1193, 1195, 1197, 1213
    * Guzal was working on by-variable forecast
    * Taiwo was working on VAR but is off for sick leave > 2 weeks - almost done, but needs wrapping up
    * tests need looking at

* FK: next "nice" thing would be pipeline composition for multivariate

* ML: reduction to time series regression; but TSR itself is not too mature, needs algorithms implemented
    * TB: can use sktime-dl, has 13 TSR algorithms

5. ask about what the right cadence is for this meeting (see https://hackmd.io/UrTcChVZTqywxNJWiFCzBg dicussion point 1), e.g., biweekly or monthly
    * Satya: prefers biweekly
    * Martin: prefers monthly, but no strong preference
    * Tony: no preference, attends when can (or topics interesting)
    * Leonidas: no preference, biweekly is fine
    * Markus: prefers biweekly but casual
    * Franz: prefers biweekly
    * Lovkush: prefers monthly
* ML: someone needs to organize this
    * FK: could rotate, does not need to be one person
    * MW: agenda needs to be collected
    * tbd?
    * LA: need meeting for test refacator and test speed-up
    * MW: if biweekly, one meeting should be in other time zone perhaps, so there's at least one meeting per month convenient for any given contributor
        * action MW: poll on slack
