# Core dev meeting 2022, January 14

###### tags: `sktime`

**:calendar:** 2022, January 14

## :wave: Attendees

- [name=Franz]
- [name=Lukasz]
- [name=Guzal]
- [name=Tony]



## Roles
* notetaker - Lukasz
* moderator - Franz

## :clipboard: Agenda

1. minutes from Nov 26 core dev meeting
    https://hackmd.io/orc60fg3QDGyXBUL4zIknA
2. actions from Nov 26 core dev meeting
    * output type vote: preference = homogeneous output type
        * actions arising - design? items arising?
    * UCL tutorial (Anthony)
3. Lukasz: new CI/CD process - Lukasz to present
    * release manager role
    * actions arising for 0.10.0 release
5. all CC: updates from CC
    * new composition; Guzal's affiliate role
    * open source org updates - numfocus, LF, GSoC
    * Guzal: mentoring
    * upcoming meetings with other projects
        * Monash forecasting repository - Jan 20
        * tslearn - Jan 17 
5. Lukasz: segmentation? (discuss today?). Defer to next week
6. Franz: testing framework refactor PRs overview presentation. 
7. Tony: Notebooks and notebook restructuring. 
8. AOB


## :pencil: Minutes

1. minutes from Nov 26 core dev meeting
    * agreed; clarification on core dev vote on output type below.
3. actions from Nov 26 core dev meeting
    * output type vote: preference = homogeneous output type
        * actions arising - design? items arising?
    * UCL tutorial (Anthony)

Tony notes that the actual core dev vote related to the target variable (y variable) and the decision was that this should be a constant type. We did not vote on constant return type for X.

Franz to propsoe design for uniform output type in forecasting, in accordance with the decision; then revisit implementation items

3. Lukasz: new CI/CD process - Lukasz to present
    * release manager role
        * shared by Lukasz & Franz (agreed/decision)
    * actions arising for 0.10.0 release
        * Lukasz & Franz to set up meeting w/c Jan 17 to plan 0.10.0 release & actions
5. all CC: updates from CC
    * new composition; Guzal's affiliate role
    * open source org updates - numfocus, LF, GSoC
        * decided to apply for numfocus, LF is on pause, GSoC application will happen in Feb 
    * Guzal: mentoring
        * GSoc application, next Monday a proposal will be presented (in the core-dev channel), open for ideas and proposals
    * upcoming meetings with other projects
        * Monash forecasting repository - Jan 20
            * integrating loaders, ambition to replicate M5 (maybe M6)
        * tslearn - Jan 17
            * [hackmd with overview for tslearn](https://hackmd.io/qB3H8-TgRPSt8Qv8ODTQDg)
6. Lukasz: segmentation? (discuss today?) - deferred
    * need to make sure that Patrick attends the dev meeting
8. Franz: testing framework refactor PRs overview presentation
    * set up separate meeting w/c Jan 17 for walkthrough, Q&A - next Fri 5:30pm
7. Tony: Notebooks and notebook restructuring. Defer to next meeting
9. AOB
    * None


Notes
## âœ… Actions: 
1. Franz to propose design for fixed output type for forecasting
2. Tony to include fixed output for regression base class
3. GB: chase Anthony re the UCL comp sci/AI meetings
4. FK: report back in next dev meeting on outcomes of tslearn and Monash foreceasting
5. Lukasz & Franz to set up meeting w/c Jan 17 to plan 0.10.0 release & actions
6. all to review CI/CD Pr and give feedback optimally by start of next week
    * https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/pull/1620
