# Community Team Meeting

**:calendar:** Apr 1, 2022

### :wave: Attendees

- [name=Guzal]
- [name=Lovkush]
- [name=Franz]
- [name=Rishabh Bali]
- [name=Vasudeva Kilaru]
- [name=Martin]
- [name=Lukasz]

### :pencil: Agenda
:::info
1. Review of last meeting's md, review of actions
    - [ ] action GB: prepare a notebook for first tutorial (pick a couple of forecasters to show in the video)
    - [ ] action FK: contact patrick regarding booking room at university. Explore sprint
    - [ ] action FK: set up working group on pydata
    - [ ] action Lovkush: communicate to core dev channel that we need someone to step up and organize onboarding week for GSoC and mentees, summer interns
        
3. **pyData Berlin**
    * FK to report on planning
5. GSoC
    * planning reviews of appl
    * interview panels

4. **AOB**
:::


### Notes
1. Review of last meeting's md, review of actions
    - [ ] action GB: prepare a notebook for first tutorial (pick a couple of forecasters to show in the video)
        - not done (Franz made a PR, mention this PR in the tutorial!)
    - [x] action FK: contact patrick regarding booking room at university. Explore sprint
        - no room, no sprint at pyData
        - idea FK: announce onboarding days and separately a sprint
        - GB, LM agree
        - shift last year scedule by the same nr of weeks that we had previously
        - proposed dates:
        - May 25-27th for onboarding days
        - June 27 to July 1 for the dev-days

    - [x] action FK: set up working group on pydata
    - [x] action Lovkush: communicate to core dev channel that we need someone to step up and organize onboarding week for GSoC and mentees, summer interns
        - post done, no response
        - FK is ready to organise it but won't deliver the whole thing
        - get people to commit on particular days
        - schedule - get from last year
        - attach people to slots and deliver them
        - plan is to deliver https://github.com/sktime/community-org/blob/main/events/sktime-onboarding-days.md
        

2. **pyData Berlin**
    * working group updates
        * no sprint space, nowhere
        * working group set up with Dan, Martin, Guzal, Lovkush
        * Dan, Franz, Martin travelling to Berlin
        * notebook for conf under development here:
            * https://github.com/sktime/sktime-tutorial-pydata-berlin-2022
            * will be made public before conference
        * a number of PR that we want to showcase are still open
            * reviews would be appreciated
            * reviews carried out by Dan, Franz, hopefully others
            * will be posted on core dev channel

3. **GSoC**
    * see here for process: https://github.com/sktime/mentoring/blob/main/internships/gsoc2022.md
    * interview panels
    * creation of interview questions etc. - Lovkush is on it

    * LA proposal: tell people who are on the short-list that they are short-listed as opposed to "you're in top 3" and "you're shortlisted"
        * all agreed that this is a better idea
        * action LA: remove the "top-three" information when we email candidates after interivews.

4. **LinkedIn account for sktime**
    * LM, FK, MW: good idea, should have one
    * ask NUMFocus? (added to agenda point)
    * advertise the position from the grant there (formal "recruitment" for UEA)
    * if NumFocus can't help we create it ourselves
    * revisit next Friday


4. **AOB**


### :construction: Reference links
*relevant documents*
1. [Previous meeting's HackMD](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/blob/main/community_team/previous_meetings/20220325-meeting.md)


:question: Next meeting & planning
---
### date: Apr 8, 5 pm UK time

### TO-DO before next meeting:
- action FK: announce the dates on pyData
- action GB: announce the dates on social media
- action Lukasz: create a landing page on sktime.org to reference to mentorship (under Events?)
- action GB: post a link with relevant GSoC info on Twitter
- action FK: find and share any presentations related to onboarding days with LM and rest
- action FK: share last year interview materials & panel org materials with LA (and rest)
- action LA: PR to remove 'top three' distinction in information to candidates
- action LA: organise interviews
- action FK, MW, GB: ask NumFocus during the next CC meeting regarding the LinkedIn account for sktime
- action FK: check with Tony why MW doesn't get the info@sktime.org emails
    - FK: I think itÂ´s better if MW and TB just directly connect