# Community Team Meeting #16


**:calendar:** Feb 18, 2022

### :wave: Attendees

- [name=Franz]
- [name=Guzal]
- [name=Lovkush]
- [name=...]


### :pencil: Agenda
---
- skipped meeting on Feb 11
1. Review of last meeting's md, review of actions
    - [name=all] revisit LinkedIn idea in two months, at beginning of April
    - [name=fkiraly] ask core-devs individually (regarding mentoring)
    - [name=somebody]: write up policy for giving talks about sktime, get it approved formally.
    - [name=fkiraly] check if Anthony has responded
    - [name=Guzal, Franz or Martin] ask Tony about past proposals to GSoC
    - [name=Guzal] add presentation slides to sktime Google account 
1. **Mentoring - Agree on topics for "Ideas" document**
2. **Tutorial at UCL**
3. **Cut video from pyData into smaller topics / create a new one?**
4. **AOB**


### :construction: Reference links
*relevant documents*
1. [Previous meeting's HackMD](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/blob/main/community_team/previous_meetings/20220204-meeting.md)
2. [GSoC application](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/sktime/programs/2022/apply)


:mega: Discussion
---

- [ ] review of notes from last time 
    - agreed
- review of actions
- [name=all] revisit LinkedIn idea in two months, at beginning of April
    - Pinned here until April
- [x] [name=fkiraly] ask core-devs individually (regarding mentoring)
    - Lovkush, Lukasz, Guzal and Franz
- [x] [name=somebody]: write up policy for giving talks about sktime, get it approved formally.
    - Discussed at CC meeting on Feb 8th, 
>     agreed on following policy: explicit disclaimer of affiliation 
>     for the talk (sktime, not company); approval of Cc as a body 
>     (quorate majority of individuals not involved in the talk)
- [ ] [name=fkiraly] check if Anthony has responded
    - Franz contacted people from UCL (Jamie) whom Anthony recommended, they haven't responded yet
        - contact at UCL was Jamie Weigold
        - action FK: follow up again since no answer

- [x] [name=Guzal, Franz or Martin] ask Tony about past proposals to GSoC
    - Writing it from scratch, @fkiraly  has most of the application ready for GSoC
- [x] [name=Guzal] add presentation slides to sktime Google account
    - done, [presentation is here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MiBmZ4M2nBpwWhW6SaugSxXOACDZbqih/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=107809310483043636861&rtpof=true&sd=true)
---

1. **Mentoring - Agree on topics for "Ideas" document**
    - Deadline to apply to GSoC is Feb 21
    - action FK: draft Ideas List
    - action LA: review
3. **Tutorial at UCL**
    - no reply from UCL. will contact them again
5. **Cut video from pyData into smaller topics / create a new one?**
    - add link to the new video (pydata 2021)
        - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODspi8-uWgo
        - FK: Readme still links to 2020 video, but 2021 video is more up-to-date
        - could add link on landing page, and add a link to 2021 video description of 2020 video?
        - good first issue?
    - GB: currently tutorials are approx. 1.5 hours long, YT videos <= 20 mins tend to attract bigger audience;
    - might be beneficial to split into topics (Introduction, Univariate Forecasting, etc.) and upload them into sktime's Youtube account instead of just having a playlist,
        - FK: could add separators and segments instead?
        - GB: different topics/titles probably more discoverable - e.g., "multivariate forecasting using sktime" instead of "sktime toolbox", [doing X] with sktime is more discoverable!
        - FK: agree!
    - GB: I don't want to do it personally, would like to delegate to someone with experience in video editing,
    - Luca expressed his desire to create thumbnails a few weeks back (?)
        - good first issue?
    - action FK: write good first issue on video editing?
    - action GB: prepare a notebook for first tutorial (pick a couple of forecasters to show in the video)

7. **AOB**
    * creating more video tutorials
        * "implementing your own forecaster/estimator"
    * next week, we should discuss pydata Berlin!

:question: Next meeting & planning
---
### date: Feb 25, 4pm UK time

### TO-DO before next meeting:
- [name=all] ...
- [name=...] ...
