# Community Team Meeting

**:calendar:** Mar 18, 2022

### :wave: Attendees

- [name=Guzal]
- [name=Lovkush]
- [name=Franz]
- [name=Lukasz]
- [name=...]

### :pencil: Agenda
:::info
1. Review of last meeting's md, review of actions
    - action FK: write good first issue on video editing?
    - action GB: prepare a notebook for first tutorial (pick a couple of forecasters to show in the video)
    - action GB: post on social media - announce participation in gsoc
    - action FK: rework doc and propose (update application guide for 2022)
2. **sprint for pyData Berlin**
3. **welcome session next week for new contributors**
4. **AOB**
:::

### :construction: Reference links
*relevant documents*
1. [Previous meeting's HackMD](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/blob/main/community_team/previous_meetings/20220311-meeting.md)


:mega: Discussion
---

- [x] review of [notes from last time](https://github.com/sktime/community-org/blob/main/community_team/previous_meetings/20220311-meeting.md) 
    - agreed
- review of actions
    - [name=all] revisit LinkedIn idea in two months, at beginning of April
        - Pinned here until April
    - [ ] action FK: write good first issue on video editing
        - not done, roll over
    - [ ] action GB: prepare a notebook for first tutorial (pick a couple of forecasters to show in the video)
        - not done
    - [x] action GB: post on social media - announce participation in gsoc
        - posted on Twitter, FK and LA posted on LinkedIn
    - [x] action FK: rework doc and propose (update [application guide for 2022](https://github.com/sktime/mentoring/blob/main/internships/gsoc2022.md))
        - done, merged, advertised
        - need to ensure we capture forms that still went to the old link, forms now go via the new link
2. **Sprint for pyData Berlin**
    - Do we want to organise a sprint? Would be unofficial since pyData doesn't allocate time for sprints during this conference

        - fk: has contacted pydata and has not heard anything. note that pydata topic we are presenting is prob and hierarchical forecasting
        - lm: maybe create content appropriate for both this point 2 and point 3 below.
        - guzal: (notes not taken)
        - fk: i thought idea was to have intro session before submission deadline, to help people complete intro task.
        - rishabh bali: i saw youtube video from pydata 2021.
        - fk: existence of video is useful, but not about contribution
        - guzal: so can we squeeze intro and prob forecasting in one sprint? what is best way forward?
        - la: would propose not having special introduction session for GSoC; they are generally proactive and can ask us for help. if we want, can just add link/info about the pydata sprint to the gsoc page.
        - fk: this is certainly low overhead option.
        - lm: this sounds good
        - guzal: who would organise sprint if we have one?
        - fk: likely me. martin is going to berlin?
        - martin: not fully convinced of idea of sprint. what would timing be.
        - fk: how about final evening and next day.
        - martin: how about two weeks later, but advertised in pydata.
        - fk: downside of that is we lose in person experience.
        - martin: does not like 'hybrid' in person and remote sprints.
        - fk: we need to come to agreement. two questions: will there be sprint and at what time.
        - lm: given we have presence at pydata, it would be good bonding experience and way of building experience. having it 2 weeks later means that it is disconnected from pydata; and we can just have a remote sprint whenever we want.
        - fk, guzal: agree with this. there is majority consensus for having sprint at pydata.
        - fk. now who organises. should be somebody going there so fk, dan or martin. likely fk at beginning
        - fk. if there an official sprint session, things would be simpler. but cannot wait for response.
        - ACTION martin: send fk names of people in pydata
        - ACTION fk: contact patrick regarding booking room at university.
        - martin. still not keen on sprint at pydata. would rather socialise/network over a beer in evening.
3. **Organise a welcome session next week for new contributors**
    - main task to help with getting started
    - agreed to skip it as a separate session
    - agreed to have a short intro at the beginning of pyData sprint (if be)
4. **AOB**

:question: Next meeting & planning
---
### date: Mar 25, 4 pm UK time

### TO-DO before next meeting:
- [name=...] ...
- [name=...] ...
