# summer programme planning meeting 2022, June 10

###### tags: `sktime`

**:calendar:** 2022, June 10

Present: Franz, Lukasz


## :clipboard: Agenda

1. current state of planning

2. planning
* dates fixed
* sktime funds
* venue organized
* roles assigned
* event tickets
* event funding for travel
* programme fixed
* comms


## Notes

1. state of planning

FK updates:
* July 11-15 seems good for most
    * confirmed
* venue has materialized: UCL
    * requirement from this: send attendee list >10 days ahead
    * can organize catering via UCL
    * action FK: find out options for catering
* sktime funds
    * unlikely to have funding from UKRI grant
    * sktime open collective: ca 1k available
    * GSoC funding: 1.5k
    * action FK: follow up on GSoC funding
* funding for tickets
    * could spend on partial funding
    * limited, may have to determine rule how to allocate to attendees
    * action LM: poll on "do you have funding for your ticket"
* roles
    * done, May 30
    * main event org: FK
    * deputy org: LM
    * GB -> comms (online only)
    * local focal FK
* programme
    * FK: fallback would be replicating this? https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/issues/863
    * decision: just replicate what has worked before
        * have room 9am-5pm UK time, so could start locally at 9am
    * some ideas for community presentations
        * 20+10 format
        * sharing "use of sktime in work outside sktime" or "day job (if academic)"
        * affiliated packages, dependencies
            * Leonidas -> benchmarking package
            * pywatts
            * pycaret
            * statsmodels? pmdarima? statsforecast?
            * numfocus packages -> FK to reach out; LM to reach out to time series list
        * summary of work in sktime for mentees
        * core devs: encourage since larger audience
        * visions, current work, etc
* comms
    * internal: make core devs and mentees channel aware; invite contributions
    * external ready by 17.06.2022:
        * sktime.org?
        * eventbrite setup
        * twitter
        * linkedin
        * numfocus? Where is Arliss
        * pydata London, announce! Tutorial on June 17!
    * Guzal on action (but away currently)
    * check in on Tue June 14
        * 3pm UTC


### Actions

* [ ] action FK: find out options for catering
* [ ] action FK: follow up on GSoC funding
* [ ] action FK: numfocus packages -> FK to reach out re talks
* [ ] action LM: reach out to time series list (only open governed)
* [ ] action LM: internal announcements in core devs, mentees
* [ ] action LM: complete list of internal attendees
* [ ] action LM: poll on "do you need funding for travel, would you join if not?"
