# summer programme planning meeting 2022, May 30

###### tags: `sktime`

**:calendar:** 2022, May 30

## :wave: Attendees

- [name=Franz]
- [name=Lukasz]
- [name=Guzal]
- [name=Avikant]
- [name=Yash]


## Roles
* notetaker - Franz
* moderator - Franz, Guzal

## :clipboard: Agenda

1. current state of planning
* FK to update
* questions

2. general schedule - dates

3. developer sprint

4. comms


## Notes

1. current state of planning - FK view
* rough agreement on timelines, no exact dates
* "replicating 2021 summer programme" = dev sprint (middle), doc sprint (end of GSoC)
    * 2021 was completely remote (Corona)
    * idea would be mixed for 2022 (in-person & remote, probably in London or EU)
    * 2021: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/sktime/issues/863
* should have access to UEA grant funds ("sktime grant" awarded by UKRI)
    * Tony has not confirmed this
    * Tony is not attending May 31 meeting
    * unclear whether we have *actual* access to these funds
* should probably plan for plan A = funding available through UKRI grant, plan B = Tony does not give access to funding in time
* comms: have already announced rough schedule at pydata Berlin, planning to do at pydata London
* exact dates need to be confirmed
* have travel schedules of GSoC participants for June/July (could take this into account for dev sprint)
* Tony claims Turing asserted they would help with providing rooms
    * only a claim
    * no focal point given
    * FK sent an email to Turing since time is running out
    * Tony has done nothing on this front that would be known to FK, except communicating the claim
    * no answer yet
    * need plan B without Turing
* numfocus - Arliss wanted to come back to us on event organization and other matters
    * no communication since Apr 25
    * Arliss' turn to answer
    * FK sent chaser email May 30
    * will probably not come back in time for org
    * may come back in time for comms, but can't take this for granted
    * need plan B without numfocus
* FK can commit some time for org obviously
* plan C = completely virtual event?

Not done yet:
* dates fixed
* venue organized
* roles assigned
* event tickets
* event funding for travel
* programme fixed


Discussion:

* GB: will org require funds?
    * FK: minimum without venue probably 5k USD
    * with venue, possibly less, 1k or less ("bare minimum", pizza etc)
    * travel fund, estimate 5-10k (depending on how many invite, travel & hotel)
    * could try getting room at UCL (still honorary)
    * could try Imperial College
* GB: what is distribution of grant?
    * original document, I think we had ca 50k for 3 years, events only?
    * total is ca 600k GBP -> 2 positions plus travel/event for the community. Supposedly.
    * Tony has not shared the "official version"
    * not giving a proper view on the budget split to sktime CC -> no idea!
    * has agreed in earlier minutes that CC decides spending of flex/event budget (contradiction with "does not provide view of the split"?)

actions:

Funding
* GB to drive letter to Tony on unlocking event funds
    * ask = access to a process for advance payments, e.g., venue or hotel or catering
    * plus access to reimbursement process for individual travel costs, e.g., train, airplane
    * volume perhaps 15k GBP (to be on safe side)


Content

GB: should we first have dev sprint?
* July is holiday month?
* would give us more time to organize
* FK: dev sprints are more attractive in holiday time

FK proposal: decision points on June 6 and June 13, if difficulties organizing event in London for July, switch - Aug meeting is in-person, July meeting might be virtual and/or on docs

definition of "difficulties"
* venue not confirmed by 13th
* funding not confirmed by 6th
* most key stakeholders not available in London for July options


Dates

Dev sprint:
* move later, tentatively w/c July 11th
* 2nd option w/c July 18th

doc sprint, end of internship week:
* w/c Aug 29

LM: how do we confirm dates?
* us, orgs
* key attendees = mentees
* presenters/volunteers

action LM:
confirm availibility
priority July 11-15
secondary: July 18-22 instead?

action venus orgs:
ensure to communicate back date ranges from venue opportunities (priority July 11-15)


Venue & catering
* FK follow up with Turing
* FK investigate venue possibility at UCL
* FK investigate Imperial College
* action LM: ask on community channel for options for London venues. FK to follow up in London.
* think generally about other options in London
* parameters: ca 20 people, 5 days, snack catering, desks, chairs
* GB ask Tony about UEA sided options for venue


Roles
* main event org: FK
* deputy org: LM
* GB -> comms (online only)
* local focal FK


Tickets/Programme
* defer?
* tickets on eventbrite?
* action GB - eventbrite pre-setup


Planning
* meet again June 6 and 13, same time (3pm UTC)
